[Silence.]
[Music.]
Well, howdy, friends.
Esther, this is your old woods rider, Jelly Elliott and.
The Three Knotheads. Won't you just gather up a chair there and sit down and set a spell with us.
We sitting out here on the old pine tree.
We're going to be with you for the next 14 and a half minutes, and we're going to do our best to play a few tunes that you like to hear, the ones we get the most requests for.
I want you to know to start with that
Yes, sir.
It's all brought to you, friends, with the best wishes and compliments from your state forestry service and Uncle Sam's forestry service.
And we just want you to enjoy it.
And enjoy it.
That's it.
Get your enjoys out of it.
We're going to start off here with a lively little hip to diddy here.
Robert plays on his fiddle.
It's a breakdown.
He's going to do one here that some of the boys cooked up around here.
It's called Bear Creek Hollow.
[Music.]
Well, thank you, Robert.
Thank you.
There it was, friends.
Uh-oh.
Something went wrong with the broadcasting system here.
Look out there, Deacon.
You'd probably get blowed up there, son, and blow a fuse and strip a cog or something.
Friends, you know, as I told you a while ago at the State Forestry Service,
And Uncle Sam's Forestry Service makes it possible for us to come up here and pick and sing and show our ignorance for you.
And we want you to enjoy it.
But we want to tell you a thing or two or discuss a thing or four with you here along as we go.
And the thing that we wanted to talk about today is...
Got a lot to do with the woods.
We got to take care of the woods.
That's all there's to it.
And we're just straining every point to try to do just that.
Now, there's a lot of, you know, there's just a world of good people.
But there's always something to take the joy out of life.
And that is we got a few leatherheads mixed in with all these good people.
And that's where the law comes in.
The law knows a thing or two about this forest or two.
It's funny how some folks are, friends, and I know most all of you out there, maybe you got a fellow there in your community.
It's the same way.
I don't know, but you could have, might have.
Some of them get up on the wrong side of the bed in the mornings, and they're just grouchy and mad about something, no telling what.
There ain't no...
Tell him, don't make much difference.
He's just mad.
And he's mad at himself.
And he goes out and sets the woods on fire.
Just for meanness.
Pure meanness.
He don't care.
He just set them on fire.
Just something to be mean, see.
And he says, oh, that dickens.
Pappy burned the woods off.
And grandpappy burned the woods off.
And that's good enough for me.
I'll burn them off, too.
I don't care who likes it.
And now that feller, it gets up in the morning like that, and he got mad about something or somebody, and he took it out on the woods.
Now, he didn't do nothing but bring it.
He just done the wrong thing.
Now, that fellow's in jail right now, and that's the only place that he can go where he can't get up on the wrong side of the bed.
It's just not good sense to go out throwing fires all over the woods, friends, and most folks is getting where they just ain't putting up with it.
That's all there is to it.
They just ain't going to have it no more.
We're getting a shortage of timber and everything, and they just ain't going to have it.
So I'm just going to tell you, friends, warn you, tell you, or I'm trying to get you stated here, that you just don't go around burning up man's woods anymore and get by with it.
Well, that's just like going out and setting fire to his barn.
You go out nowadays and let the fire get out over into a man's pasture or his wood land and burn it off, and boy, he'll have you arrested and put in a tent of pantry, a tent of pantry.
Let's play another tune here.
You know, we haven't done a hymn in some time, fellas.
Y'all want to gather up around here just like you had good sense and do a hymn?
All right, I'll tell you what we'll do.
Robert and Slim and myself, we're going to gather up here, friends, and do our best to sing a very beautiful old hymn.
Yes, sir, I can remember a long time ago.
Used to go out to the little old country church.
Still go out there.
Yeah, and every now and then it comes time to sing this song.
this beautiful old hymn I know a lot of you will enjoy it so here we go: Where Could I Go but to the Lord?
Living below in this old sinful world, hardly a comfort can afford, striving alone to face temptation, so where could I go but to the Lord?
Where could I go?
Seeking a refuge for my soul, Needing a friend to save me in the end, Where could I go but to the Lord?
Neighbors are kind, I love them, every one.
We get along in sweet accord.
But when my soul needs manna from above, where could I go but to the Lord?
Where could I go?
Seeking a refuge for my soul, Needing a friend to save me in the end, Where could I go but to the Lord?
Ain't that a pretty old tune, I'm telling you.
That just makes a goose bumps raise up on my neck.
And I guess the more I sing it and the more I hear it, the better it is.
Robert was leading us on that song there, friends, and if you like it, write us a penny postcard or letter and we'll be glad to do it again sometime for you.
Sure will.
After all, that's what we up here for.
One of the things we up here at the
Try to play and sing some of the songs that you like to hear and bring a few thoughts along to you to sort of help you there with the woods and all.
That's the object is to take care of the woods and the forest and all.
Now, we was talking about that fellow gets up on the wrong side to bed every morning.
That's bad.
I know a fellow one time.
I knew of a case where a fellow, there was a couple of fellows had some sheep.
Had some sheep.
Bad sheep, you know.
And I guess they've raised about 30 cents worth of wool on each sheep.
And these two fellows went together and they hired a fellow to go out there and set the woods on fire.
Well, he didn't know it, you know.
He figured, well, here's me a chance to pick up some easy money right quick here.
So, heck, he just got him a pocket full of matches and went out there.
And, boy, he had the woods on fire all over the country.
And there was a little old airplane circling around up there.
I guess he figured they was looking for rabbits running out ahead of the fire.
And by George, in a couple of days, the car drove up there in front of his house and got him.
I mean, they put the handcuffs on that dude.
And they didn't only get him.
They fooled around there and went and got these two fellas that hired him.
Yeah.
It took more sheep to get them out of what they got into.
That airplane fooling around up there had taken a picture of him down there setting the woods on fire.
Boy, they had their goods on that gentleman, and they really stuck him.
Well, now, that poor devil, he never did stop to think what he was doing there.
See?
If he'd have just stopped and taken a second thought, he thought he was going to make some quick, easy money there.
And by George, it cost him more than he could make in three years to get out of all that.
In fact, I don't know whether he's out of it yet or not.
He may still be in it.
So you can't get by like that, friends, not anymore.
Of course, right now, the people has smartened up to the fact, and they're just planting pine trees all over the country.
And by George, you fool around there and let fire get out into them pine trees, and they realize what it means and all, and they'll sure make it rough for you.
So you better watch that.
And boy, the law is on their side.
Boy, it's just got to stop.
That's all there is to it.
And they really, the Justice of the Peace and judges, oh, they're really cooperating with the local forestry boys.
And for the good of the community, they realize what it is.
And setting up, they've got heavy fines and jail sentences set up for these guys that set the woods on fire.
So you better be careful, friends.
I just want to warn you, be careful about them forest fires because you'll probably mess around there and have a terrible time getting out of it.
They're really cracking down on it.
Let's sing another song here.
Clem, what are we going to sing this time?
All right.
That just fits the thing, don't it?
Let's just dedicate that to that leatherhead that set them woods on fire out there.
Here it is, and it's a Columbus Stockade Blues.
[Music.]
Way down in Columbus, Georgia, won't be back in Tennessee. Way down in Columbus, Docky, friends have turned their backs on m. Go and leave me if you wish to. Never let me cross your mind. In your heart, you love another.
Leave me, darling, I don't mind.
Last night as I'll be sleeping, I dreamed I held you in my arms. When I woke.
I was mistaken,
I was peeping through the bar.
Go and leave me if you wish to.
Never let me cross your mind.
In your heart, you love another.
Leave me, darling, I don't mind.
Yeah, there it is, friends.
That's an old-timer.
We still get a lot of requests for it, too.
Now, don't forget, friends, we'd like to hear from you.
Just drop us a penny postcard or a letter.
to Jelly Elliott and the Three Knotheads in care of the station that you're now listening to.
And don't forget, we'll be back.
And if you want to know when we'll be back, just listen to the announcer just as soon as we go off there here, and he'll let you know just exactly what day we'll be back, time and all that stuff and things, you know.
And later, we'd like to have everybody listen.
And we'll play a few of these tunes, and we hope that you'll like some of them.
Friends, I'd like for all of you to get acquainted with your forestry boys out there.
Now, them old not-headed boys running around out there in the woods like a chicken with his head cut off, them poor devils, I'm telling you, too, that's the hardest work in the world is fighting them fires out there.
And I'd like for you to get acquainted with them boys.
They can help you a whole lot.
You'd be surprised at how much they can help you.
We got to go.
We've run out of time here.
But before we go, friends, I'd like to leave you with just a little thought for the day.
One tree can make a million matches.
One match can destroy a million trees.
Friends, we've really enjoyed playing for you and hope that you've enjoyed listening to it.
And remember, friends, only you can prevent woods fires.
[Music.]